hello people carlito here once again
this time with another farming video so
it's been a while since I've done one
and to be honest excuse me there's not
been much for me to to put on there
because I've just been doing standard
ready to turn the ground 250 grams
nothing out of the ordinary but um
recently you know my last fight I
actually rated 470,000 which is unusual
at Town Hall 9 so I thought I would do a
video to show you guys how that video
played out and in fact over this past
hour I've done 1 million as a result of
that raid so I'm on all quite tasty so
this is what I was greeted with when I
am click Next I saw this player and
he'll stirrer 1040 with 520 1000 gold on
offer so I'm as you can imagine it I was
quite pleased and in terms of the attack
strategy I'm definitely going for the
mines that's where the majority of this
gold is so as a maximum there's only
going to be about 200,000 in the
storages so I'm basically the way to get
the most out of this fight is to take
out the mind so that's what I'm doing to
the bottom right I've been spamming some
barbarians and some arches and I'm also
working on the lower left as well you'll
see if there's a mine down there I'm
also going to take out the the mortars
in the middle because they're quite
closely clumped together and as I decide
to come into the base to take out the
storages as well I'll need to get rid of
those just to give me a little bit more
breathing room when my troops go in
because as you guys all know I only use
T 1 troops so they won't stand up very
long at all to continuous wizard fire
and mortar damage
in fact those mortars will one shot to
my arches so I'm I took them up with
with spells which is a good use of the
money and I don't normally use spells
but when it's in my interest to then
then I willed it so I've now taken out
all of the minds except for that one
there just towards the top right so as
you can see I send in the barbarians to
attract the fire and then I release the
archers behind them as a support and
they will focus on the the cannon own
also the the mind while the barbarians
are getting shots so now all of the
mines have gone so I probably got
300,000 in the bank but i'm still at oh
there's one more mind sorry here is yeah
i'll take out that one by distracting
the fire with the barbarian king of the
the wizards and i'll hopefully get the
arches in although i think they just run
a little bit too quickly so they're
probably going to get splashed damaged
so i lost a few more notches then it
showed on the release them a bit too
soon but not to worry all of the mines
have gone and I'll take all the town
hall just so it gives me access to the
wall and then my barbarians will crunch
through my barbarian king will crunch
through and in the meantime my arches
especially from the clan castle will
take all the wizard which they've done
take out storage which they've done and
now i'm into the base so it's just a
case of using brute force now I've taken
out most of the splash damage so I'm not
too worried about that and it's just
unfortunate that the gold storage in the
left upper most section is far away from
the troops because they'll probably
target the elixir first which is yet
they've got the elixir had they not done
that I would have got all the gold so I
was a little bit unlucky I suppose maybe
a few more goblins would have helped
level 6 goblins if you listen supercell
that would have helped
and so yeah and this is how that looked
after the fight was done so 470,000 gold
which is my highest loot I think yeah
did you spells and I did use my king and
he you know he was fully knocked out so
I've lost those for a while I have to
replenish the spell so I didn't keep all
of that gold in terms of profits but I'm
still well over for underground and to
the good which is which is excellent let
me just type this out to Mike doing a
vid
say hi to the world so there you go and
let's give Mike a little bit of fame to
the 20 or 30 people who are going to
watch this video and so yeah replenish
the spells as I say it's a bit of a
shame i had to use the spells but you
know other than having all of the gold
expose minds sometimes you've gotta get
hands dirty King gives us it was knocked
out as well as I say so just let Mike
know that you guys said hello
and that's it guys basically and
hopefully I see a lot more of those in
the near future but I doubt it I don't
think wheels will see very many of those
fights moving forward but until the next
video guys yeah biking the king by from
the Queen and I'll see you soon
you